CLI fixes and updates (#4115)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/quickstart.rst

configurations during their deprecation period, you can specify ``--layout=flexible`` to launch the new
generalized Jdaviz from the command line. To load a file into a configuration::

    jdaviz --layout=[imviz|specviz|cubeviz|mosviz|specviz2d|flexible] --filepath=/path/to/data/file --file_format=FileFormat

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    jdaviz --layout=[imviz|specviz|cubeviz|mosviz|specviz2d|flexible] --filepath="/path/to/data/file" --file_format="FileFormat"

```
Quotations just to be safe even for single word arguments.

This will warn that the ``--layout`` argument is deprecated. In the future, running the ``jdaviz``
command will simply launch the generalized Jdaviz application without going through a launcher page.
You can also specify filepath and file format using the shorter ``-fp`` and ``-ff``, respectively, which
may be useful if loading multiple files. Note that the file format is generally required because many files can be read,

> for example, using either the image loader or the catalog loader. See :ref:`loaders-formats` for the current list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may be useful if loading multiple files. Note that the file format is generally required because many files can be read by multiple loaders. See :ref:`loaders-formats` for the current list
```

of available data formats. Note that you will need to enclose multi-word formats in quotation marks, for example

> ``--file_format='1D Spectrum'``.

Reviewer: Do we want to add a note to emphasize that the file formats must be capitalized? I suggest this because the error feedback is confusing if you don't capitalize, e.g. I passed 'catalog' and when the app loaded it gave the error message:
```
ValueError: No valid loaders found for input. Tried:

file:
------------------------------------------
  object > Catalog........................ Not matching format restriction
  astropy.Table > Catalog................. Not matching format restriction
  ```

Yes it shows Catalog as capitalized but that might not be obvious to a first time user.

Author: I'll add `.title()` to force the proper casing.

Author: It now forces it to the correct casing, good call.

configurations during their deprecation period, you can specify ``--layout=flexible`` to launch the new
generalized Jdaviz from the command line. To load a file into a configuration::

    jdaviz --layout=[imviz|specviz|cubeviz|mosviz|specviz2d|flexible] --filepath=/path/to/data/file --file_format=FileFormat

This will warn that the ``--layout`` argument is deprecated. In the future, running the ``jdaviz``
command will simply launch the generalized Jdaviz application without going through a launcher page.
You can also specify filepath and file format using the shorter ``-fp`` and ``-ff``, respectively, which
may be useful if loading multiple files. Note that the file format is generally required because many files can be read,
for example, using either the image loader or the catalog loader. The current list of supported file formats is:

    * Image
    * Catalog
    * 1D Spectrum
    * 2D Spectrum
    * 3D Spectrum
    * Ramp
    * Ramp Integration
    * Subset
    * Trace
    * Line List

>     * Footprint

Reviewer 2: is there some auto-generated place we can point to for this (perhaps index on the formats page) so we don't risk this getting out-of-date?

Author: I can try to do that. There's definitely an error message that pops up in the UI if a compatible format isn't found listing them all, I'll find where that comes from.

Author: Hm, the list in the formats index page is hard coded as well, not auto generated. I'll link there so at least we only have to update one place.

Author: Updated.
